clarify stateful formatter docs (#24688)
envoyproxy/envoy: docs/root/configuration/http/http_conn_man/header_casing.rst

<envoy_v3_api_field_config.core.v3.Http1ProtocolOptions.HeaderKeyFormat.stateful_formatter>` field.
The following is an example configuration which will preserve HTTP/1 header case across the proxy.

.. note::

>    When Stateful formatters are used, headers added by Envoy and in other filters like Lua will still be lowercased.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   When Stateful formatters are used, headers added internally by Envoy or by filters (e.g. the Lua filter) will still be lowercased.
```

Maybe?

Author: Sure. Makes sense
